Version 0.1.4alpha
Enhancements
+  Copy and paste added to address field
+  Fee added to send confirm screen
  
Outstanding from 0.1.3rc2 testing
---------------------------------
+ Produce a YouTube video of drag and drop with a mocked up website
+ Show number of blocks.(Nibor)
  Tooltip/message box/ panel with more network details including number of blocks.
+ Would be nice to drill down to transctions details/ look up in block explorer. (Nibor)
  Agreed.
+ Prioritise encryption. (Nibor).
  Agreed.
+ More flexibility with downloading block chain would be good. (Nibor).
  Agreed.
+ Would be good to have Windows installer. (Nibor).
  Agreed.   Plan to have installers for Win, Mac, Linux.
  

Logging, errors, virusscan
------------------
+ client does not go offline if you disconnect from network
+ extend log4j logging to all important classes
+ submit releases to virustotal.com and add to release notes.

Outstanding Bugs
----------------
+ IF you have a wallet offline it does not know about any blocks downloaded onto the blockchain
+ if you close the 'open wallet' dialog with the window close button, then reopen it is tiny. (Now only happens sometimes).
+ if you have two multibit open on the same wallet addressbook and wallet can be overwritten one by the other.
  Will add open/ close times to info files and warn user.


Improvements
------------
+ request connect to a specific node, specified by IP address or host name.
+ add ability to import/ export/ delete private keys.
+ add Swedish (Mats Henricson has volunteered)
+ test it works on the test network
+ ensure switch from test to prod does not confuse which wallet is open. (last test/prod wallet setting ?)
+ add wallet encryption
+ add in more test classes
+ add tests to check sending and receiving works reliably
+ Add in proper jar bundling to exe and DMG - look at ProGuard/ IzPack   See how Open-Transaction does it.


Patches to Mike
---------------
+ Provide patch with Wallet.java for fees
+ Provide patch with Peer, PeerGroup, Transaction, Transaction?input, Wallet, WalletEventListener for pending transactions



Results from 0.1.3rc testing
--------------------------
Testers:
+ Nick Simpson, Windows 7 Ultimate x64.
+ Nibor, Unspecified Windows.
+ Mats Henricson, Linux/ Ubuntu
+ Jim Burton, Mac OSX.
+ Gar Rowe

Start up
o Bat file fails when Java not on path. (Nick).
  Have removed runMultiBit.bat and sh - just double click jar as per download instructions
o Console is confusing on Send (Mats)
  Have removed runMultiBit.bat and sh - just double click jar as per download instructions

Spend
o Spend of 0 BTC not checked. (Nick).
  Have added tests for missing, non-parsable, negative or zero amount.
o Problems on spend (Mats).
  Fixed - was index out of range in AddressBookTableModel.
o Not enough feedback on Send. (Mats, Nibor).
  New send screen gives more confirmation on sendWill have more feedback on "Send".

Fees
o Negative fee is accepted. (Nick).   Default fee should be 0.0005 (Nibor).
  Have added test for negative fee.   
  Have added test for fee less than minimum.
  Have set default to 0.0005 BTC
o Add the fee to the 'send confirm' text to make it clear. (Mats)
  
UI 
o Have transactions image fainter, non repeating in top left (Gary)
o Use of 3 sig figs in total misleading (Nibor).
  Have changed to show 4 sig figs i.e down to 100 mikes.(approx 0.1 USD cents).
o Network label stays at 'Offline' too long.  (Nibor)
  Have changed network status to 'Connecting...'.   
o Have language code icon in preferences page for easy identification


Open Wallet
o Folder can be selected in 'Open Wallet'.   Hangs app. (Nick).
  Can now only select files.   
  Have coded defensively against file being a dir (but should never happen)
o No default file extension on 'Open Wallet' (Nick).
  Have added ".wallet" file filter and added default file on save with file extension of '.wallet'.

Help
o Help page - no feedback whilst loading (Mats).
  Have improved feedback to user whilst loading.   Cursor and little animation in status bar.
   
